TokeniVOX (IVOX)
Contract: 0x34fbb24940304675694bc2090bee3a655e623fc5
Total created tokens: 35 million
Decimals: 8
Total available tokens for circulation: 28 million
20% of the token (7 million IVOX tokens) will remain as a safeguard for future
circulation, when the development team decides that it is a good time to put the
assets into circulation.
TOKEN DISTRIBUTION
WHITEPAPER
PROJECT DOCUMENTATION ERC-20 IVOX TOKEN
IVOX Token, Project IVOXIS y Crowdfunding Objectives
FROZEN TOKENS
TOTAL SALES
BOUNTY PROGRAM
WORK TEAM
IVOX INVESTMENT CENTER | WORKING FOR CHANGES 3

WHY IVOX?
IVOX is born from the need to integrate the citizens of Latin American countries to
the social and economic development of cryptocurrencies through the Ethereum
network, born as a decentralized token with multiple purposes, the main purposes
of IVOX Token are:
• Generate an investment bag that works as a real asset-saving system, which
turn allows to obtain savings returns from the gains obtained by the token
and the company IVOX.
• To encourage the investment and use of cryptocurrencies in Latin America
to improve the quality of life for people with a savings system.
Distribution of the funds obtained by pre-sales and Crowdfunding
10% NEW ICOS DESTINATION
10% HUMANITARIAN AID
20% DEVELOPMENT, INFRAESTRUCTURE AND MINING
10% ADMINISTRATION AND OPERATION
20% DEVELOPMENT OF CRYPTOCURRENCY
10% RESERVE FUNDS
20% MARKETING
IVOX INVESTMENT CENTER | WORKING FOR CHANGES 4

Investing in New ICOS
The 10% of the earnings obtained are invested each month in the purchase of other
ICOS, tokens and cryptocurrencies that are due to go to the market, or that are
already circulating, will be prioritized in those that have as purpose the scientific
research, to the technological development in cryptocurrencies, the sustainable
development of communities, the preservation of the environment and
humanitarian aid.
Humanitarian aid
10% of the earnings obtained are invested in humanitarian aid.
Development, infrastructure and mining
20% of the profits are invested in sustainable mining of cryptocurrencies and
Ethereum to strengthen the development of the ERC technology and development
of IVOX token to generate its own peer-to-peer exchange network, active mining
and code development for help societies through intelligent contracts.
Administration and operation
10% of the profits are invested in the administration and operation of the network
and the IVOX assets sales team.
OWN network development
20% of the profits are invested in the development of a second asset or
Criptomoneda with improvements in its code, an own network and contract that
allows to give economic sustainability to the investors in the Criptomoneda to
obtain a rate of 3.5% monthly.
Marketing
20% of the proceeds will be allocated to all marketing actions to promote the use,
purchase of the currency, benefits of acquiring it, Identity creation and brand value.
IVOX INVESTMENT CENTER | WORKING FOR CHANGES 5

Reserve funds
The rest will go to a reserve fund to combat and prevent any kind of contingency.
HOW DOES IVOX WORK?
IVOX token will work during its first two years of life within the Ethereum network
to ensure its effectiveness and will be always available within the Ethereum
network.
IVOX token assets will be on sale via website: www.iVOXcoin.com
IVOX token will not be part of the company IVOX Mexico, when acquiring IVOX
token do not buy shares in IVOX Mexico, but you can obtain a profitability of 3.5%
per month of your invested tokens if they are in the Invest Box, which will be
handled by the company IVOX Mexico. Each Invest Box is unique and nontransferable
and has a unique and personal contract.
The active IVOX token can be sold and purchased at Exchanges or sales centers of
cryptocurrencies; wIll be released at a price Equivalent to $1.00 USD/ETH.
SALE OF SHARES OF THE COMPANY
20% of the assets of the company IVOX Mexico can be purchased. These assets will
be on sale December 2019.
The investment by these assets of the company will be made in IVOX token. These
assets shall not be transferable to a third party without prior approval by the
Company committee and only up to 5% of the assets may be acquired by a natural
or moral person, and investors may not be duplicated. 
IVOX INVESTMENT CENTER | WORKING FOR CHANGES 6

¿WHAT KIND OF ICOS SUPPORTÁ IVOX TOKEN?
IVOX token will use other technologies in cryptocurrencies within the enterprise
platform and the development of the token with the same Ethereum network, we
will use the service of Blockonomics for the money invested in the, will invest in
Blockonomics Ico, will invest in UBEX Token as an intermediary for the
development of its neural network technology for advertising development, GSI
Token for the development of scientific publications and others that allow the
development of science, will invest in tokens, IcoS and Cryptocurrencies to use
their FundsIn the care of the environment as SAM ICO, Swiss ALP Companys Energy,
which provides sustainable energy mining of its assets, IVOX token will follow the
same principle using and developing the mining of its assets tokens with the same
principle of energy use 100% renewable, every month, The company's Directors
and the development team of IVOX Token. Will make an evaluation of the best
projects to invest and will follow up the profitability of each of these investments.
IVOX TOKEN FOR REMITTANCES
The remittances and exchange of dollars in Mexico, can be made by means of IVOX
token, this token will have within its objectives that the people can realize the
acquisition of assets IVOX token in all the countries and cities That their laws permit
and the assets IVOX token may be exchanged at the lowest commission rate on the
market to Mexican pesos, only within Mexico and for Mexican citizens, tourists or
visitors, by means of payments via email. 
IVOX INVESTMENT CENTER | WORKING FOR CHANGES 7

HUMANITARIAN AID
COW is that IVOX will invest in humanitarian aid?
IVOX token and the work team will be responsible to distribute 10% of the
company’s profit each year through non-governmental institutions that help
directly the Growth of the community on issues of terminal illness care, houses
construction, Educational and cultural development around the world.
While the Cryptocurrencies approach is to support Latin America's economic
development, it is not limited to supporting other countries outside the area and
can invest in projects that benefit low-income people or who are in situations of
risk or vulnerability.
OUR REASON FOR BEING
IVOX Token has objectives that must be very clear to the investor, the most
important is to give sustainability to a solid economic source. Finish with Ponzi
systems In the Cryptocurrencies and inflationary products of this nature,
generating a saving system that is not based on a pyramidal structure, in which, a
third party is required to invest to make a profit, otherwise, It's about investing in
the market trends of the Cryptocurrencies and in its technological development to
obtain profits that allow to have real numbers, not hype by means of this token,
only real and calculated numbers to the global economy.
The purchase of new assets and solid assets of the market always goes uphill, the
technologies change constantly grow the competition that composes to the market,
this will give rise to that the market of which the profits are obtained is unlimited
and growing, because the technologies in programming Like the use of
cryptocurrencies and the block chains (Blockchain) of programming in other 
IVOX INVESTMENT CENTER | WORKING FOR CHANGES 8

everyday uses, will be more and more common until Be Daily use for any Global
lawful exchange.
The second reason of IVOX token is to strengthen and improve the culture of using
The Invest Box, IVOX is not a decentralized bank, but will meet the goal of improving
people's economy and gradually helping the economy of developing countries to
haven A means of investment and savings with excellent Yields Starting with
Mexico.
According to the achievements and The Success obtained we may expand to other
countries and cities of Latin America.
Create the Exchange center within the applications from IVOX against Mexican
Pesos and Currencies from other countries to get a better exchange rate between
local currencies without paying money sends by SPEI Or Swift.
We have our clear objectives and the fact of starting this project within Mexico,
does not limit to the investors of different countries to be part of this project, as
long as it is done lawfully and without violating its local laws, taking into account
that it is the Beginning of a globalized expansion to operate Where the laws Allow
the use of cryptocurrencies, tokens and their derivatives.
